Changing new custom serialization API based on API review feedback (#39933)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### 4.59.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

#### Features Added

> * Added public APIs `getCustomeSerializer` and `setCustomSerializer` to allow customers to specify custom payload transformations or serialization settings. - See [PR 38997](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/38997) and [PR 39933](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39933) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added public APIs `getCustomItemSerializer` and `setCustomItemSerializer` to allow customers to specify custom payload transformations or serialization settings. - See [PR 38997](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/38997) and [PR 39933](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39933) 
```

> * Added public APIs `getCustomeSerializer` and `setCustomSerializer` to allow customers to specify custom payload transformations or serialization settings. - See [PR 38997](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/38997) and [PR 39933](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39933) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added public APIs `customItemSerializer`, `getCustomItemSerializer` and `setCustomItemSerializer` to allow customers to specify custom payload transformations or serialization settings. - See [PR 38997](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/38997) and [PR 39933](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/39933) 
```
